Release 2021.06.1 (#2206)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/release-notes/2021/index.md

---
## June

### Weekly Release 2021.06.1

| Change                                                                         | Expected in Preview Orgs |
|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------|--------------------------|
| [Bugs fixed in 2021.06.1](#bugs-fixed-in-2021-06-1)                            | June 9, 2021             |

#### Bugs fixed in 2021.06.1

* User credential updates failed and returned an error message if the [User Type](/docs/reference/api/user-types/) was set to a non-email username. (OKTA-334754)

> * When an [authorize](/docs/reference/api/authn/) request with an [IdP param](/docs/reference/api/idps/#add-identity-provider) that referenced a [SAML IdP](/docs/reference/api/idps/#add-saml-2-0-identity-provider) was sent, an error message was returned because the OIDCIdpAuthRequestHelperImpl request assumed that all IdPs are Social IdPs. (OKTA-385800)

Reviewer: This is not meaningful to our customers. An Okta customer has no idea what `OIDCIdpAuthRequestHelperImpl` is, and so we should not be mentioning it. From their perspective an error occurred, the internal details of why it happened are irrelevant.

Reviewer 2: see my comment in the PR

Author: Committed Susan's edits.

> * When an [authorize](/docs/reference/api/authn/) request with an [IdP param](/docs/reference/api/idps/#add-identity-provider) that referenced a [SAML IdP](/docs/reference/api/idps/#add-saml-2-0-identity-provider) was sent, an error message was returned because the OIDCIdpAuthRequestHelperImpl request assumed that all IdPs are Social IdPs. (OKTA-385800)

Reviewer 2: I went back to Miao and Graham with this one - because I don't feel that including the method name helps with clarity here. Also, too many links included. I would suggest just a link to the actual IdP parameter page, since that was part of the issue. This blurb has been approved by Miao and Graham and updated in the edit spreadsheet
```suggestion
* When an `/authorize` request with an [IdP parameter](/docs/reference/api/idps/#add-identity-provider) that referenced a SAML Identity Provider (IdP) was sent, an internal server error was returned because it was assumed that all IdPs are social IdPs. (OKTA-385800)
```
